Update cname-flattening.md (#5581)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/dns/additional-options/cname-flattening.md

# CNAME flattening

`CNAME` flattening speeds up `CNAME` resolution and allows you to use a `CNAME` record at your root/apex domain (`example.com`). 

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> This functionality is also what allows you to use a [root custom domain](/pages/platform/custom-domains/) to a Cloudflare Pages site.

Author: ```suggestion
This functionality is also what allows you to use a [root custom domain](/pages/platform/custom-domains/) with a Cloudflare Pages site.
```

# CNAME flattening

> `CNAME` flattening speeds up `CNAME` resolution and allows you to use a `CNAME` record at your root/apex domain (`example.com`). This functionality is also what allows you to use a [custom domain](/pages/platform/custom-domains/) to access a Cloudflare Pages site.

Author: ```suggestion
`CNAME` flattening speeds up `CNAME` resolution and allows you to use a `CNAME` record at your root/apex domain (`example.com`). 

{{<Aside type="note">}}

This functionality is also what allows you to use a [root custom domain](/pages/platform/custom-domains/) to a Cloudflare Pages site.

{{</Aside>}}
```
